> Lemuel U. Adane

> Position Desired:** Fullstack / Backend Engineer**

**Address:**25 Vista Verde Ave., Cainta, Rizal, Philippines

**Email:**lem@email.com

**Mobile / Viber:**+63-919-004-0246

# Skills Summary

**Languages:**JavaScript, Typescript

**Front-End Frameworks:**React, React-Native

- **Back-End Frameworks:**Node.js, Loopback

  **Databases:**MongoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL/MariaDB,

  **DevOps:**Docker, Nginx, PM2, AWS (EC2, RDS), Azure Functions

  **Development Tools:**Visual Studio Code, Git, Jira, Copilot

  **Testing:**Mocha, Chai, Sinon, Jest, SuperTest, Newman

  **Methodolog**ies**:**Scrum, Agile, Waterfall

# Roles Handled & Experiences

## Software Design

designed the data models and the program flow of the system base on the
customer requirements.

## Software Development

##  actual coding, debugging, refactoring and creating automated unit tests

## 

## Senior Developer Responsibilites

##  code reviews, coaching, advising, communicating to junior developers, leads and testers

# Employment Details

Senior Fullstack Developer

**Collabera Digital (Agency) **August 2022 to March 2024

6784, Rufino Pacific Tower, 1229 Ayala Ave, Legazpi Village, Makati,
Metro Manila

+63-917-807-4478

**Project2:** Mobile Banking Online Application for debit and credit
account management application

**Accomplishments:** implemented credit card payment pay bills unit
tests

**Tech stack:** Node-Loopback, React-Native, Typescript

**Project1:** Wealth Manager Web Application - is an end user bonds
investments management system web-based application system

**Accomplishments:** implemented call-request feature, back-end
transaction, logging system, created unit tests, debbuging issues and
code reviews

**Tech stack:** Node-Loopback, React Redux, Typescript, Sinon, Mocha

**Client:**Metrobank

Senior Fullstack Developer

**HCL Software (BPO)** July 2019 – August 2022

Capital Commons, 5<sup>th</sup> floor, South Wing, Estancia Mall Office,
Camino Verde Rd.,Pasig City, Metro Manila +63-917-507-5956

**Project:** **HCL DX (Digital Experience)** – is an enterprise wide
content management system or CMS, formerly known as IBM Websphere Portal

**Accompishments:** developed the reusable headless CMS backend of the
HCL DX, created unit tests, reviewed code done by other devs; developed
the standard UI that utilizes this CMS usaing React

**Tech stack:** Node-Loopback, Typescript, React Redux, Thunk, Jest,
Mocha, Sinon, Docker

**Client:** HCL’s worldwide clients

Back-end Developer

**Vertere Global Solutions, Inc.(Agency) **March 2019 – July 2019

SM Cyber One, 373 Sen. Gil Puyat Avenue, Bel-Air, Makati City

**Project:** iwant.ph microservices – over-the-top media backend
microservices

**Link:** [iwant .ph](http://want.ph/)

**Accomplishments:** Implement CRUD of catalog info, push notification
feature using Google Firebase messaging, System logs, Login using
Facebook, JWT authentication

**Tech stack:** Node-Loopback, Azure Functions, Redis, Axios, CronJob,
Service-Bus, CosmosDB

**Client:** ABS-CBN

Back-end Developer

**Edge Electron** May 2017 – October 2018

Unit 7A , 7f New Solid Bldg., 357 Gen. Puyat Ave., Makati City
(632)7750-0762

**Project:** IOT API – is a back-end RESTful microservice-based API for
IOT devices with voltage, current and power calculations

**Link:** [edgeconx.com](http://edgeconx.com/)

**Accomplishment:** independently developed and deployed the REST & CoAP
API, user with user CRUD, device information CRUD, real time data
reading from device and power consumption computations,

**Tech stack:** Node-Express, Typescript, Knex, Swagger, PM2,
PostgreSQL, AWS-EC2, Redis, SSL, Nginx, Git,

**Client:** in-house

IT Consultant

**Archon Consulting** June 2016 – May 2017

Cityland Herrera Tower V. A. Rufino St., Makati City, Metro Manila
+63-998-993-8762

**Project1:** **Smartlife App (discontinued) **- mobile app for Smart
Communications’ subscribers offer perks like freebies and discounts

**Accomplishments:** fixed back-end functional and logical and logical
issues, add security features, push notification, add Facebook and
Google login

**Link:**
[smart.com.ph/smartlife-app](https://pldt.com/news-center/article/2016/07/22/how-to-use-the-smartlife-app)

**Client** Smart Communications

**Tech stack:** Node-Sails.JS framework, Forever JS - process manager
for Node, PHP Yii, Android-Java

**Project2:** PLDT Home – web based broadband and landline subscribers
management system

**Link:** pldthome.com

**Client:** PLDT

**Accomplishments:** developed service to service back-end for the PLDT
Home like customer help and support

**Tech stack:** Node-Express, Typescript, NPM libraries

Back-end Developer

**Unexus Medical Solutions** October 2015 – April 2016

1203B 12th F West Tower, Philippine Stock Exchange Center, Exchange Rd.,
Ortigas Center, Pasig City, Metro Manila +6326870578

**Project:** **Med Alert** - Clinic management system application

**Accomplishments:**independently developed the back-end API,

**Tech stack:** Ruby on Rails, MySQL, Nginx, AWS EC2

**Clients:** local clinics in the Philippines

Mobile Developer** **

Salutica Allied Solutions Sdn. Bhd. October 2013 - October 2015

3, Jalan Zarib 6, Kawasan Perindustrian Zarib, 31500 Ipoh, Perak,
Malaysia +60-5 -320-6800

**Project:** Fobo Tag & Tire – asset monitoring and tire pressure
monitoring system using Bluetooth smart technology, mobile phone and the
internet

**Link:** [my-fobo.com](http://my-fobo.com/)

**Accomplishments:**developed RESTful API endpoints

designed and implemented Android user interface

**Tech stack:** PHP, Yii framework, MySQL, Android-Java, BLE GATT

**Client:** in-house

Web Developer

Teligent Systems January 2013 – October 2013

4<sup>th</sup> F Maripola Blg. 109 Perea, Legazpi Village, Makati, Metro
Manila

**Project2:** Web based Tax-Payment Application

**Accomplishments:** independently developed a tax-payment web-based
application for BTM clients companies

**Client:** Bank of Tokyo – Mitsubishi (BTM)

**Tech stack:** C# dotNet, Nhibernate, ASP.NET Webforms

**Project1:** Statement of Account (SOA) Application

**Accomplishments:** debugged SOA file mapping for data security; add
some client requirement information to SOA file

**Client:** Standard Chartered Bank

**Tech stack:** C#, dotNet, ASP.NET Webforms

Web Developer

**Primesoft** May 2012 – January 2013

Salcedo Village, Makati City, Metro Manila

**Project2:**LBC Express cargo & logistics management web application

**Link:** lbcexpress.com

**Accomplishments:** developed CRUD functionality for customer, and
pricing management within the application.

**Tech stack:** C# ASP.NET-MVC, Microsoft SQL Server, LINQ, Entity
Framework

**Project1:** Sales Information System

**Accomplishments:** designed complex SQL queries from Microsoft SQL
server for analyzing sales data and generating comprehensive reports

**Client:** Fortune Tobacco

**Tech stack:** Microsoft SQL Server

Tests Automation Engineer

**Acbel Polytech **October 2010 - May 2012

[2 Tagaytay Ridge Drive, Carmelray Industrial Park II, Km 54 National
Highway, Calamba City, Laguna,
Philippi](https://www.google.com/maps/search/No.2,%20Tagaytay%20Ridge%20Drive,%20Carmelray%20Industrial%20Park%20II,%20Km%2054%20National%20Highway,%20Calamba%20City,%20Laguna,%20Philippines.%204027/)nes
+[6349-502-7253](tel:+6349-502-7253)

**Projects:**Automated test stations for smart power supply products
and circuit boards

**Accomplishments:**designed and developed maintain and improve the
software applications based on the smart power supply specification
reducing test cycle time and improving product reliability

**Tech stack:** C#, dotNet, ODBC, Microsoft SQL Server,

Serial-Port-to-USB, I2C Protocol, PC-Interfacing

**Client:** In-house

Software Design Engineer

**Emerson Network Power **(R&D, now Advanced Energy) ** **Nov 2006 - Oct
2009

Eastwood City, Libis, Bagumbayan, Quezon City, Metro Manila

**Project: Universal PMBus GUI**

**Accomplishments:** independently designed and developed a flexible
user interface to streamline communication and control of diverse smart
power supply models, enhancing sales demonstrations, engineering
processes, and manufacturing efficiency

developed the device driver which is used to communicate to the power
supply devices using USB-to-Serial- Port to communicate with the
Protocol

**Link:**
[artesyn.com/assets/pmbusgui](https://www.artesyn.com/assets/pmbusgui/UniversalPMBusGUI_UsersManual_10192010_rev8.0.pdf?a=a024702ae74da427e6c45739cc15ed00cad7549e)

**Client:** in-house

**Tech stack:** C-lang, C#, dotNet, USB-to-SerialPort protocol PMBus
protocol

Test Automation Engineer

**Acbel Polytech **(manufacturing) Feb 2002 – Nov 2006

2 Tagaytay Ridge Drive, Carmelray Industrial Park II, Km 54

National Highway, Calamba City, Laguna, Philippines

\+[6349-502-7253](tel:+6349-502-7253)

**Projects:**Automated test stations for testing smart power supply
products and circuit boards.

**Accomplishments:**designed and developed the software applications
based on the smart power supply specification reducing test cycle time
and improving product reliability.

**Tech stack:** Visual Basic, ODBC, Microsoft SQL Server Parallel &
Serial Ports Programming,

**Client:** In-house

# Educational Background

Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering

AMA Computer College Makati City, Metro Manila

Graduated Year: 2000

# *Character References*

Ryan Quinonez

Senior Fullstack Developer

Metrobank

+63-997-593-7653

ryan.quinonez@metrobank.com.ph

Levi Bautista

Senior Fullstack Developer

HCL

+63-917-3245597

<levi.bautista@hcl.com>

Dante Ramos

Test Eng’g Manager

Acbel Politech

<dramos@acbel.com.ph>

Joselito Abania

Staff Engineer

Salutica, Malaysia

+60-111-441-4396

joselito@salutica.com.my

J**im Paolo Castro**

Web Team Leader Edge Electron Limited

+63-905-6683388

jim.castro@edgeelectrons.com
